Q.) Tell about your background and experiences that makes you good fit for this role.
I am third year undergraduate student pursuing Computer Science and Engineering at Panjab University, India.
I love exploring new technologies and making projects with those technologies which will impact the society. 
I am self learner. I have learnt Python, Flask and Machine Learning on my own.
My last summer internship experience has teached me a lot about understanding client requirements, planning the solution and implementing it.
I have strong experience in Web Development and implementing Machine Learning algorithms.
I am highly skilled in REST API development by Flask and Django, AWS Sagemaker, AWS Glue and Google Cloud Platform Cloud Functions and Kubernetes.
In the data analysis domain, I know how to effectively perform EDA by libraries such as numpy, pandas,visualizaiton libraries matplotlib, seaborn and plotly. 
I am good at modelling and hyperparameter tuning by sklearn's grid search. For deep learning, I am experienced in PyTorch and Tensorflow 2.0. 
I have made some cool hackathon winning and finalist projects. I have strong leadership skills. I leaded the team which went to the finals of Smart India Hackathon,
 which is national level hackathon organised by the Govt. of India. I am a team player. I have contributed in many team projects.
I have a unique combination of problem solving ability and technical skills, which means I’ll be able to complete any challenging project.
I can see myself continually growing and developing my skills and knowledge to become even more valuable to the company in future.
I’ve done a lot of research and learned as much as I can, and I’m eager to start contributing.

Q.) Why JP Morgan?
JP Morgan is a leading financial services firm. It is the best in what it does. 
The core values of the company make be beleive that I’ll be a great fit in the company culture. 
It will give me great opportunity to use cutting edge technologies in the company such as Machine Learning and microservices.
I’ll learn while contributing at the same time.
Although I am a techie person but Finance interests me a lot. I keep reading about the finance terms and what's happening around in the domain.
Overall I beleive it will be a great exposure to both tech and finance with tons of learning opportunities, which will be invaluable in my career.

Q.) Tell any of your team experience and what was your role. 
I participated in Smart India Hackathon, software edition in the team of 5 members. I was the team leader.
It was a nice great experience to lead such a great team and realize the importance of team-work.
We chose a project Spine Endoscopy Video Annotation. The project goal was to make an application for annotating body parts in live spine surgery. 
I distributed the work taking into consideration the strengths of my team members and discussing with them for the same. 
As I have experience in Deep Learning, I took the responsibility of making model and comparing different models on the basis of speed accuracy tradeoff.
One of my friend who was good at frontend took the frontend part. In this way all of us did their job well and seeking help from each other whenever required. 
Obviously fun was also a part of the great team. Our hard work took us to the finals. Although we coudn't win, it was a memorable experience. 
